Cascade:
    Look at larger networks and see what happens to nodes in between subnetworks? Are there nodes not in a subnetwork?
    Look at the rates of growth/collapse
    Cascades affect hanging nodes??
    Intersection/unions of subenetworks
    Sensitivity--
    Condtion of the system:
        Calculate how much each perturbation changes the outcome
    Lyaponov Coefficient:
        Similar measures the dependence on initial conditions, can be used to classify the system as chaotic 
Definition of subnetworks 
every edge has a exactly one incoming color and weakly connected 


To do:
Code:
Implement larger subnetwork cretion using Goliath code ------------------------------------done
Add different methods to visualize the flow within a subnetwork----------------------------done
   -- Average
   -- Min 
   -- max
Add a tanh to cap the growth----------------------------------------------------------------done
Calcualte the rates of change of each subnetworks flow--------------------------------------done
Finish Lyaponov for weights
Experiments:
Are there nodes not within a subnetwork?
Can a subnetwork be a subset of a different subnetwork?
Can we see any evidence of cascades?
 -- Look particularly at hanging nodes
Look at changes in lyapunov with tanh applied


To do:

Look at overlaps, what is the intersection of two subnetworks
(are there building blocks of subnetworks)
subnetworks with same nodes but different edges
Look for patterns of hanging nodes going to zero
Conjecture: being a hanging node is in low subnetworks is stronger than being in a positive subnetwork
if lim(I) goes to 0, is I a member of a failing subnetwork,
if spectral > 1, can whole subnetwork still crash 

Goal-- look at hueristics for finding subnetworks
coarse grain graph (graph of subgraphs ) edges indicate subnetworks overlap




**we need color dimensional matrices, then we could simpply identify mins and take column ID's 


3/10/25
(i) papers
    -- cascades of failures
    -- bull whip effects
    -- What properties should we be looking for? what terminology should we use?
(ii) Algorithm 
    -- functionality
    -- complexity
    -- approximations 
    -- structure of overlapping subnetworks
       (a) can we prove noninclusion result (no subnetwork is a subset of another)
       (b) what is the intersection of two subnetworks? 
       (c) circle subnetworks 
       (d) graph of subnetworks
       (e) random geometric graphs, watts strogatz, barabasi albert
    -- Overall graph structure



(i) 
read papers for next steps
(ii)
 prove noninclusion with contradiction
    does a subnetwork have two strongly connected components? (this is a consequence of enchi's proof)
(iii)
rg
iterate until we find connected
watts strogatz
make edges go both ways
iterate 
barabasi albert
make edges go both ways

(iv)
symetric difference of subnetworks 


(v)
try vertices instead of edges for numbering overlap


(vi) 
what keeps cascades from spreading 


ideas:
    time dependent weights
    time dependent graph structure
